### Title

      OIP: 1001
      Title: Alternative block reward distribution
      Author: Igor Barinov <igor@blocknotary.com>
      Status: Draft
      Type: Standard
      Layer: Consensus
      Created: 2017-06-13

### Abstract

We propose alternative reward distribution for block reward. Each online validator will create blocks with mining key and receive block reward on payout address.

### Specification

Ethereum client Parity has a Proof of Authority (POA) consensus engine named [AuthorityRound (Aura)]( https://github.com/paritytech/parity/wiki/Aura). In the Kovan testnet, validators create blocks and receive a reward. For each created block a validator receives block reward of 5 ether (kether regarding Kovan network) + spent gas. Example of  block [reward](https://kovan.etherscan.io/block/2074331).

At the moment, the block reward is paid to the address of a mining key of a validator. A contract with a list of validators hold lists of these addresses.

After implementation, the block reward will be paid on a payout address.

Payout address stored in a validator contract.

### Implementation

Example of contracts with payout and mining key management:
* [Key Manager](https://github.com/oraclesorg/oracles-contract/blob/master/src/KeysManager.sol)
* [Validators Manager](https://github.com/oraclesorg/oracles-contract/blob/master/src/ValidatorsManager.sol) 

Advanced reward distribution realized on a mining node as a script. It doesn't require changes to consensus algorithm. The script should be scheduled to run regularly. It looks for a mining account, checks balance, and gets a payout address from the validator's contract. If a threshold is reached, the script signs a transaction to send remaining balance from the mining account to the payout account. [Source  code](https://github.com/oraclesorg/oracles-scripts/blob/master/scripts/transferRewardToPayoutKey.js)

### Rationale

Validators in the Oracles Network represented by a variety of professions. Not all of them have the skills to administer servers and personal computers.

Separating the keys of a validator into a key for payout and the key for mining increases the security of key management. 

The mining key will be located on a cloud server and payout key can be located on hardware device, e.g. Ledger.
