### Title

      ORC: 1003
      Title: ICO Wizard DApp
      Author: Igor Barinov <igor@blocknotary.com>
      Status: Draft
      Type: DApp
      Layer: Application
      Created: 2017-07-09

### Abstract

ICO Wizard DApp provides a client side DApp to configure and launch crowdsale campaign on Ethereum platform. The DApp will be a static site and will  not use backend. It will keep campaign's state and parameters in the blockchain. All queries to the blockchain are made by web3 and Metamask Chrome Plugin. ICO Wizard will use Zeppelin-solidity framework as a source of secure smart contracts.

### Specification

Zeppelin-solidity is a framework to build smart contracts on Ethereum https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/zeppelin-solidity
There are few crowdsale contracts 
https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/zeppelin-solidity/tree/master/contracts/crowdsale
Contracts depends on other contracts, e.g. BasicToken, SafeMath

On a first step, a user will select type of a crowdsale contracts, e.g. Basic Crowdsale, Capped Crowdsale.
On a second step, the user will set Token properties:

- Token name
- Token symbol
- Decimals of a token
- Initial supply
- Cap

Analogue in Solidity:
```
contract MyToken is MintableToken {
    string public name = "MyToken";
    string public symbol = "MTK";
    uint256 public decimals = 18;
    uint256 public INITIAL_SUPPLY = 10000;
}
```

On a third step, the user will select Crowdsale campaign properties:

- Start block of campaign
- End block of campaign
- Rate
- Address

Analogue in Solidity:
```
contract MySale is Crowdsale {
    function MySale(uint256 _startBlock, uint256 _endBlock, uint256 _rate, address _wallet) Crowdsale(_startBlock, _endBlock, _rate, _wallet) {
```

### Implementation

The DApp will fork Zeppelin-solidity repository in-browser for each campaing using http://browserify.org/ and npm install zeppelin-solidity or using git in browser.

The DApp will add configured parameters to the source code of the selected crowdsale contract.

The DApp will compile modified contract using JS Solidity compiler as in Remix environment https://ethereum.github.io/browser-solidity/#version=soljson-v0.4.13

The DApp will present a status page will all details of the campaign and will provide a button to invoke Metamask and sign the transaction.

When a user will open the DApp with URL with tx of a contract AND the user will not be the owner of that contract, the DApp will present a page where the user will be able to buy tokens of the Crowdsale campaign.


Similar DApps:

[TokenMint] (https://github.com/ethereumproject/TokenMint)


### Rationale


